we do not all know to dismantle the
crankshaft you have to remove the trimmings
of bench but before removing them is
advisable to mark them with great eta 21
for which we are stuck to the
distribution 2 for the next 3 and so
successively it would also be necessary
mark with an arrow miranda the
distribution in case it was not
already marked by the manufacturer
to verify the axial play of the
crankshaft we will use a watch
Comparator supported on a surface
flat and with his palpate resting on the
Inertia flywheel is advisable to do
lever instead of hitting with a
hammer analyze for example
so we will leverage and with the
variation that the comparator clock gives us
then we will verify the axial game that
has the crankshaft
to measure the home regretted that the
bench supports we place a crankshaft
on two supports on a frame with the
help of a comparator watch we will go
measuring
the information that has the support of
bedplate
we are turning
as you see
it's not worn out because the needle
remains motionless at zero
to check the finger bread is court
of operations practically the same as
to measure the new health food that
in this case we will perform the measurement
with the support of central bench before
video so we can check if the
crankshaft has tambourine